cinderscapes:rose_quartz_block -> perit:polished_rose_quartz
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_stairs -> perit:polished_rose_quartz_stairs
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_slab -> perit:polished_rose_quartz_slab
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_block -> perit:rose_quartz_bricks
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_stairs -> perit:rose_quartz_brick_stairs
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_slab -> perit:rose_quartz_brick_slab
cinderscapes:chiseled_rose_quartz -> perit:chiseled_rose_quartz
cinderscapes:rose_quartz_pillar -> perit:rose_quartz_pillar
cinderscapes:sulphur_quartz_block -> create:polished_cut_scoria
cinderscapes:sulphur_quartz_stairs -> create:polished_cut_scoria_stairs
cinderscapes:sulphur_quartz_slab -> create:polished_cut_scoria_slab
fantasycraft:bronze_ore -> minecraft:stone
fantasycraft:bronze_block -> minecraft:diamond_block
fantasycraft:dwarven_blast_furnace -> minecraft:blast_furnace
fantasycraft:silver_ore -> minecraft:stone
fantasycraft:silver_block -> minecraft:diamond_block
fantasycraft:elven_chest -> minecraft:chest
fantasycraft:prismarine_block -> minecraft:diamond_block
fantasycraft:mithril_ore -> minecraft:end_stone
fantasycraft:mithril_block -> minecraft:diamond_block
bambootweaks:bamboo_block -> minecraft:oak_planks
bambootweaks:bamboo_stairs -> minecraft:oak_stairs
bambootweaks:bamboo_door -> minecraft:oak_door
bambootweaks:bamboo_fence -> minecraft:oak_fence
bambootweaks:bamboo_fence_gate -> minecraft:oak_fence_gate
bambootweaks:bamboo_ladder -> minecraft:ladder
bambootweaks:bamboo_wall -> minecraft:oak_fence
bambootweaks:bamboo_rod -> minecraft:gold_block
bambootweaks:bamboo_spikes -> minecraft:gold_block
bambootweaks:bamboo_torch -> minecraft:torch
moreblocksmod:terracotta_slab -> perit:terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:red_terracotta_slab -> perit:red_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:orange_terracotta_slab -> perit:orange_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:yellow_terracotta_slab -> perit:yellow_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:lime_terracotta_slab -> perit:lime_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:green_terracotta_slab -> perit:green_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:blue_terracotta_slab -> perit:blue_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:cyan_terracotta_slab -> perit:cyan_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:light_blue_terracotta_slab -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:purple_terracotta_slab -> perit:purple_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:magenta_terracotta_slab -> perit:magenta_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:pink_terracotta_slab -> perit:pink_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:white_terracotta_slab -> perit:white_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:light_gray_terracotta_slab -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:gray_terracotta_slab -> perit:gray_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:black_terracotta_slab -> perit:black_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:brown_terracotta_slab -> perit:brown_terracotta_slab
moreblocksmod:terracotta_stairs -> perit:terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:red_terracotta_stairs -> perit:red_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:orange_terracotta_stairs -> perit:orange_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:yellow_terracotta_stairs -> perit:yellow_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:lime_terracotta_stairs -> perit:lime_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:green_terracotta_stairs -> perit:green_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:blue_terracotta_stairs -> perit:blue_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:cyan_terracotta_stairs -> perit:cyan_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_blue_terracotta_stairs -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:purple_terracotta_stairs -> perit:purple_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:magenta_terracotta_stairs -> perit:magenta_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:pink_terracotta_stairs -> perit:pink_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:white_terracotta_stairs -> perit:white_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_gray_terracotta_stairs -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:gray_terracotta_stairs -> perit:gray_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:black_terracotta_stairs -> perit:black_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:brown_terracotta_stairs -> perit:brown_terracotta_stairs
moreblocksmod:packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_terracotta
moreblocksmod:red_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_red_terracotta
moreblocksmod:orange_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_orange_terracotta
moreblocksmod:yellow_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_yellow_terracotta
moreblocksmod:lime_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_lime_terracotta
moreblocksmod:green_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_green_terracotta
moreblocksmod:blue_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_blue_terracotta
moreblocksmod:cyan_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_cyan_terracotta
moreblocksmod:light_blue_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_light_blue_terracotta
moreblocksmod:purple_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_purple_terracotta
moreblocksmod:magenta_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_magenta_terracotta
moreblocksmod:pink_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_pink_terracotta
moreblocksmod:white_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_white_terracotta
moreblocksmod:gray_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_gray_terracotta
moreblocksmod:black_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_black_terracotta
moreblocksmod:brown_packed_terracotta -> perit:packed_brown_terracotta
moreblocksmod:terracotta_bricks -> perit:terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:red_terracotta_bricks -> perit:red_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:orange_terracotta_bricks -> perit:orange_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:yellow_terracotta_bricks -> perit:yellow_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:lime_terracotta_bricks -> perit:lime_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:green_terracotta_bricks -> perit:green_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:blue_terracotta_bricks -> perit:blue_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:cyan_terracotta_bricks -> perit:cyan_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:light_blue_terracotta_bricks -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:purple_terracotta_bricks -> perit:purple_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:magenta_terracotta_bricks -> perit:magenta_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:pink_terracotta_bricks -> perit:pink_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:white_terracotta_bricks -> perit:white_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:gray_terracotta_bricks -> perit:gray_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:black_terracotta_bricks -> perit:black_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:brown_terracotta_bricks -> perit:brown_terracotta_bricks
moreblocksmod:terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:red_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:red_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:orange_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:orange_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:yellow_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:yellow_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:lime_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:lime_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:green_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:green_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:blue_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:blue_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:cyan_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:cyan_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:light_blue_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:purple_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:purple_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:magenta_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:magenta_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:pink_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:pink_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:white_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:white_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:light_gray_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:gray_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:gray_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:black_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:black_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:brown_terracotta_bricks_slab -> perit:brown_terracotta_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:red_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:red_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:orange_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:orange_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:yellow_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:yellow_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:lime_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:lime_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:green_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:green_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:blue_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:blue_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:cyan_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:cyan_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_blue_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:purple_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:purple_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:magenta_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:magenta_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:pink_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:pink_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:white_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:white_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_gray_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:gray_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:gray_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:black_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:black_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:brown_terracotta_bricks_stairs -> perit:brown_terracotta_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:terracotta_bricks_wall -> perit:terracotta_brick_wall
moreblocksmod:red_concrete_slab -> perit:red_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:orange_concrete_slab -> perit:orange_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:yellow_concrete_slab -> perit:yellow_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:lime_concrete_slab -> perit:lime_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:green_concrete_slab -> perit:green_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:blue_concrete_slab -> perit:blue_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:cyan_concrete_slab -> perit:cyan_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:light_blue_concrete_slab -> perit:light_blue_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:purple_concrete_slab -> perit:purple_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:magenta_concrete_slab -> perit:magenta_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:pink_concrete_slab -> perit:pink_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:white_concrete_slab -> perit:white_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:light_gray_concrete_slab -> perit:light_gray_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:gray_concrete_slab -> perit:gray_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:black_concrete_slab -> perit:black_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:brown_concrete_slab -> perit:brown_concrete_slab
moreblocksmod:red_concrete_stairs -> perit:red_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:orange_concrete_stairs -> perit:orange_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:yellow_concrete_stairs -> perit:yellow_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:lime_concrete_stairs -> perit:lime_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:green_concrete_stairs -> perit:green_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:blue_concrete_stairs -> perit:blue_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:cyan_concrete_stairs -> perit:cyan_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_blue_concrete_stairs -> perit:light_blue_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:purple_concrete_stairs -> perit:purple_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:magenta_concrete_stairs -> perit:magenta_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:pink_concrete_stairs -> perit:pink_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:white_concrete_stairs -> perit:white_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:light_gray_concrete_stairs -> perit:light_gray_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:gray_concrete_stairs -> perit:gray_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:black_concrete_stairs -> perit:black_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:brown_concrete_stairs -> perit:brown_concrete_stairs
moreblocksmod:stone_brick_tiles -> perit:stone_tiles
moreblocksmod:dark_stone -> minecraft:stone
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_slab -> minecraft:stone_slab
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_stairs -> minecraft:stone_stairs
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_bricks -> minecraft:stone_bricks
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_bricks_slab -> minecraft:stone_brick_slab
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_bricks_stairs -> minecraft:stone_brick_stairs
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_tiles -> minecraft:stone
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_tiles_slab -> minecraft:stone_slab
moreblocksmod:dark_stone_tiles_stairs -> minecraft:stone_stairs
moreblocksmod:dark_cobblestone -> minecraft:cobblestone
moreblocksmod:dark_cobblestone_slab -> minecraft:cobblestone_slab
moreblocksmod:dark_cobblestone_stairs -> minecraft:cobblestone_stairs
consistency_plus:obsidian_slab -> perit:obsidian_slab
consistency_plus:obsidian_stairs -> perit:obsidian_stairs
consistency_plus:obsidian_wall-> perit:obsidian_wall
consistency_plus:blue_nether_bricks -> perit:blue_nether_bricks
consistency_plus:blue_nether_brick_slab -> perit:blue_nether_brick_slab
consistency_plus:blue_nether_brick_stairs -> perit:blue_nether_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:blue_nether_brick_wall -> perit:blue_nether_brick_wall
consistency_plus:cracked_blue_nether_bricks -> perit:cracked_blue_nether_bricks
consistency_plus:cracked_blue_nether_brick_slab -> perit:cracked_blue_nether_brick_slab
consistency_plus:cracked_blue_nether_brick_stairs -> perit:cracked_blue_nether_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:cracked_blue_nether_brick_wall -> perit:cracked_blue_nether_brick_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_blue_nether_bricks -> perit:chiseled_blue_nether_bricks
consistency_plus:blue_nether_brick_pillar -> perit:blue_nether_brick_pillar
consistency_plus:cracked_nether_brick_slab -> perit:cracked_nether_brick_slab
consistency_plus:cracked_nether_brick_stairs -> perit:cracked_nether_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:cracked_nether_brick_fence -> perit:cracked_nether_brick_fence
consistency_plus:cracked_nether_brick_wall -> perit:cracked_nether_brick_wall
consistency_plus:nether_brick_pillar -> perit:nether_brick_pillar
consistency_plus:chiseled_red_nether_brick -> perit:chiseled_red_nether_brick
consistency_plus:red_nether_brick_pillar -> perit:red_nether_brick_pillar
consistency_plus:quartz_wall -> perit:quartz_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_quartz_wall -> perit:smooth_quartz_wall
consistency_plus:polished_quartz -> perit:polished_quartz
consistency_plus:polished_quartz_slab -> perit:polished_quartz_slab
consistency_plus:polished_quartz_stairs -> perit:polished_quartz_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_quartz_wall -> perit:polished_quartz_wall
consistency_plus:quartz_brick_slab -> perit:quartz_brick_slab
consistency_plus:quartz_brick_stairs -> perit:quartz_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:quartz_brick_wall -> perit:quartz_brick_wall
consistency_plus:cut_quartz -> minecraft:quartz_tiles
consistency_plus:cut_quartz_slab -> perit:quartz_tile_slab
consistency_plus:cut_quartz_stairs -> perit:quartz_tile_stairs
consistency_plus:cut_quartz_wall -> perit:quartz_tile_wall
consistency_plus:purpur_wall -> perit:purpur_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_purpur -> perit:smooth_purpur
consistency_plus:smooth_purpur_slab -> perit:smooth_purpur_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_purpur_stairs -> perit:smooth_purpur_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_purpur_wall -> perit:smooth_purpur_wall
consistency_plus:polished_purpur -> perit:polished_purpur
consistency_plus:polished_purpur_slab -> perit:polished_purpur_slab
consistency_plus:polished_purpur_stairs -> perit:polished_purpur_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_purpur_wall -> perit:polished_purpur_wall
consistency_plus:purpur_bricks -> perit:purpur_bricks
consistency_plus:purpur_brick_slab -> perit:purpur_brick_slab
consistency_plus:purpur_brick_stairs -> perit:purpur_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:purpur_brick_wall -> perit:purpur_brick_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_purpur -> perit:chiseled_purpur
consistency_plus:end_stone_slab -> perit:end_stone_slab
consistency_plus:end_stone_stairs -> perit:end_stone_stairs
consistency_plus:end_stone_wall -> perit:end_stone_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_end_stone -> perit:smooth_end_stone
consistency_plus:smooth_end_stone_slab -> perit:smooth_end_stone_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_end_stone_stairs -> perit:smooth_end_stone_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_end_stone_wall -> perit:smooth_end_stone_wall
consistency_plus:polished_end_stone -> perit:polished_end_stone
consistency_plus:polished_end_stone_slab -> perit:polished_end_stone_slab
consistency_plus:polished_end_stone_stairs -> perit:polished_end_stone_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_end_stone_wall -> perit:polished_end_stone_wall
consistency_plus:cut_end_stone -> perit:end_stone_tiles
consistency_plus:cut_end_stone_slab -> perit:end_stone_tile_slab
consistency_plus:cut_end_stone_stairs -> perit:end_stone_tile_stairs
consistency_plus:cut_end_stone_wall -> perit:end_stone_tile_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_end_stone -> perit:chiseled_end_stone
consistency_plus:end_stone_pillar -> perit:end_stone_pillar
consistency_plus:smooth_prismarine -> perit:smooth_prismarine
consistency_plus:smooth_prismarine_slab -> perit:smooth_prismarine_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_prismarine_stairs -> perit:smooth_prismarine_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_prismarine_wall -> perit:smooth_prismarine_wall
consistency_plus:polished_prismarine -> perit:polished_prismarine
consistency_plus:polished_prismarine_slab -> perit:polished_prismarine_slab
consistency_plus:polished_prismarine_stairs -> perit:polished_prismarine_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_prismarine_wall -> perit:polished_prismarine_wall
consistency_plus:prismarine_brick_wall -> perit:prismarine_brick_wall
consistency_plus:cut_prismarine -> perit:prismarine_tiles
consistency_plus:cut_prismarine_slab -> perit:prismarine_tile_slab
consistency_plus:cut_prismarine_stairs -> perit:prismarine_tile_stairs
consistency_plus:cut_prismarine_wall -> perit:prismarine_tile_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_prismarine -> perit:chiseled_prismarine
consistency_plus:prismarine_pillar -> perit:prismarine_pillar
consistency_plus:dark_prismarine_wall -> perit:dark_prismarine_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_dark_prismarine -> perit:smooth_dark_prismarine
consistency_plus:smooth_dark_prismarine_slab -> perit:smooth_dark_prismarine_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_dark_prismarine_stairs -> perit:smooth_dark_prismarine_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_dark_prismarine_wall -> perit:smooth_dark_prismarine_wall
consistency_plus:polished_dark_prismarine -> perit:polished_dark_prismarine
consistency_plus:polished_dark_prismarine_slab -> perit:polished_dark_prismarine_slab
consistency_plus:polished_dark_prismarine_stairs -> perit:polished_dark_prismarine_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_dark_prismarine_wall -> perit:polished_dark_prismarine_wall
consistency_plus:cut_dark_prismarine -> perit:dark_prismarine_tiles
consistency_plus:cut_dark_prismarine_slab -> perit:dark_prismarine_tile_slab
consistency_plus:cut_dark_prismarine_stairs -> perit:dark_prismarine_tile_stairs
consistency_plus:cut_dark_prismarine_wall -> perit:dark_prismarine_tile_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_dark_prismarine -> perit:chiseled_dark_prismarine
consistency_plus:dark_prismarine_pillar -> perit:dark_prismarine_pillar
consistency_plus:smooth_diorite -> perit:smooth_diorite
consistency_plus:smooth_diorite_stairs -> perit:smooth_diorite_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_diorite_slab -> perit:smooth_diorite_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_diorite_wall -> perit:smooth_diorite_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_granite -> perit:smooth_granite
consistency_plus:smooth_granite_slab -> perit:smooth_granite_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_granite_stairs -> perit:smooth_granite_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_granite_wall -> perit:smooth_granite_wall
consistency_plus:terracotta_slab -> perit:terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:red_terracotta_slab -> perit:red_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:orange_terracotta_slab -> perit:orange_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:yellow_terracotta_slab -> perit:yellow_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:lime_terracotta_slab -> perit:lime_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:green_terracotta_slab -> perit:green_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:blue_terracotta_slab -> perit:blue_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:cyan_terracotta_slab -> perit:cyan_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:light_blue_terracotta_slab -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:purple_terracotta_slab -> perit:purple_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:magenta_terracotta_slab -> perit:magenta_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:pink_terracotta_slab -> perit:pink_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:white_terracotta_slab -> perit:white_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:light_gray_terracotta_slab -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:gray_terracotta_slab -> perit:gray_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:black_terracotta_slab -> perit:black_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:brown_terracotta_slab -> perit:brown_terracotta_slab
consistency_plus:terracotta_stairs -> perit:terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:red_terracotta_stairs -> perit:red_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:orange_terracotta_stairs -> perit:orange_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:yellow_terracotta_stairs -> perit:yellow_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:lime_terracotta_stairs -> perit:lime_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:green_terracotta_stairs -> perit:green_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:blue_terracotta_stairs -> perit:blue_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:cyan_terracotta_stairs -> perit:cyan_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:light_blue_terracotta_stairs -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:purple_terracotta_stairs -> perit:purple_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:magenta_terracotta_stairs -> perit:magenta_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:pink_terracotta_stairs -> perit:pink_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:white_terracotta_stairs -> perit:white_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:light_gray_terracotta_stairs -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:gray_terracotta_stairs -> perit:gray_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:black_terracotta_stairs -> perit:black_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:brown_terracotta_stairs -> perit:brown_terracotta_stairs
consistency_plus:terracotta_wall -> perit:terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:red_terracotta_wall -> perit:red_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:orange_terracotta_wall -> perit:orange_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:yellow_terracotta_wall -> perit:yellow_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:lime_terracotta_wall -> perit:lime_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:green_terracotta_wall -> perit:green_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:blue_terracotta_wall -> perit:blue_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:cyan_terracotta_wall -> perit:cyan_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:light_blue_terracotta_wall -> perit:light_blue_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:purple_terracotta_wall -> perit:purple_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:magenta_terracotta_wall -> perit:magenta_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:pink_terracotta_wall -> perit:pink_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:white_terracotta_wall -> perit:white_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:light_gray_terracotta_wall -> perit:light_gray_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:gray_terracotta_wall -> perit:gray_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:black_terracotta_wall -> perit:black_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:brown_terracotta_wall -> perit:brown_terracotta_wall
consistency_plus:red_concrete_slab -> perit:red_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:orange_concrete_slab -> perit:orange_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:yellow_concrete_slab -> perit:yellow_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:lime_concrete_slab -> perit:lime_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:green_concrete_slab -> perit:green_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:blue_concrete_slab -> perit:blue_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:cyan_concrete_slab -> perit:cyan_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:light_blue_concrete_slab -> perit:light_blue_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:purple_concrete_slab -> perit:purple_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:magenta_concrete_slab -> perit:magenta_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:pink_concrete_slab -> perit:pink_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:white_concrete_slab -> perit:white_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:light_gray_concrete_slab -> perit:light_gray_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:gray_concrete_slab -> perit:gray_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:black_concrete_slab -> perit:black_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:brown_concrete_slab -> perit:brown_concrete_slab
consistency_plus:red_concrete_stairs -> perit:red_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:orange_concrete_stairs -> perit:orange_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:yellow_concrete_stairs -> perit:yellow_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:lime_concrete_stairs -> perit:lime_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:green_concrete_stairs -> perit:green_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:blue_concrete_stairs -> perit:blue_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:cyan_concrete_stairs -> perit:cyan_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:light_blue_concrete_stairs -> perit:light_blue_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:purple_concrete_stairs -> perit:purple_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:magenta_concrete_stairs -> perit:magenta_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:pink_concrete_stairs -> perit:pink_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:white_concrete_stairs -> perit:white_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:light_gray_concrete_stairs -> perit:light_gray_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:gray_concrete_stairs -> perit:gray_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:black_concrete_stairs -> perit:black_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:brown_concrete_stairs -> perit:brown_concrete_stairs
consistency_plus:red_concrete_wall -> perit:red_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:orange_concrete_wall -> perit:orange_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:yellow_concrete_wall -> perit:yellow_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:lime_concrete_wall -> perit:lime_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:green_concrete_wall -> perit:green_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:blue_concrete_wall -> perit:blue_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:cyan_concrete_wall -> perit:cyan_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:light_blue_concrete_wall -> perit:light_blue_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:purple_concrete_wall -> perit:purple_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:magenta_concrete_wall -> perit:magenta_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:pink_concrete_wall -> perit:pink_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:white_concrete_wall -> perit:white_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:light_gray_concrete_wall -> perit:light_gray_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:gray_concrete_wall -> perit:gray_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:black_concrete_wall -> perit:black_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:brown_concrete_wall -> perit:brown_concrete_wall
consistency_plus:polished_sandstone -> perit:polished_sandstone
consistency_plus:polished_sandstone_slab -> perit:polished_sandstone_slab
consistency_plus:polished_sandstone_stairs -> perit:polished_sandstone_stairs
consistency_plus:polished_sandstone_wall -> perit:polished_sandstone_wall
consistency_plus:sandstone_bricks -> perit:sandstone_bricks
consistency_plus:sandstone_brick_slab -> perit:sandstone_brick_slab
consistency_plus:sandstone_brick_stairs -> perit:sandstone_brick_stairs
consistency_plus:sandstone_brick_wall -> perit:sandstone_brick_wall
consistency_plus:sandstone_pillar -> perit:sandstone_pillar
consistency_plus:chiseled_sandstone -> perit:chiseled_sandstone
consistency_plus:smooth_stone_stairs -> perit:smooth_stone_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_stone_wall -> perit:smooth_stone_wall
consistency_plus:smooth_blackstone -> perit:smooth_blackstone
consistency_plus:smooth_blackstone_slab -> perit:smooth_blackstone_slab
consistency_plus:smooth_blackstone_stairs -> perit:smooth_blackstone_stairs
consistency_plus:smooth_blackstone_wall -> perit:smooth_blackstone_wall
consistency_plus:chiseled_blackstone -> perit:chiseled_blackstone